Improve policy documentation (#13409)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/concepts/kubernetes/policy.rst

Examples
========

> See :ref:`policy_examples`, :ref:`l4_policy` and :ref:`l7_policy` for a
> detailed list of example policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`policy_examples`, :ref:`l4_policy` and :ref:`l7_policy` for
detailed lists of example policies.
```

Author: ok, thanks, I'll update that
